## Welcome... 🔏

Below you will find a list of the tabletop campaigns I hosted for the FaceplateVTT table along with some resource repositories I put together for free-use.


## Campaign Archives (sorted by latest)

⚠️ Licensing disclaimer for archives: This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (CC BY 4.0); you are free to share, copy, redistribute, remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose, including commercial use, provided that you give appropriate credit to the original creator, include a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made, without implying endorsement by the licensor. The licensor asks be to referred to as **"Quororque of FaceplateVTT"** in this disclosure.

⚠️ **Every entry in this list is extremely offensive and unsafe for all audiences. Viewer discretion is advised.**

- God's Teeth by FaceplateVTT (January 4, 2026 - Ongoing)  
https://github.com/Quororque/GodsTeeth-FaceplateVTT-Public  
The most disturbing tabletop campaign ever written, reinterpreted for FaceplateVTT table. What will become of the Teeth?  

- Une nuit à l'opéra by FaceplateVTT (November 15, 2025)  
https://github.com/Quororque/UNAL-FaceplateVTT-Public  
Oneshot based on the 2019 shotgun scenario by mellonbread and William Roy. Includes a complete map of the Haskell Opera House and the tragic story of a TPK due to inexperience and poor decisions.

- Reverberations by FaceplateVTT (September 7 - November 2, 2025)  
https://github.com/Quororque/Reverberations-FaceplateVTT-Public  
A light-hearted one chapter campaign I ran in order to gain experience with FoundryVTT for more serious campaign endavours. Features setting & characters from AMC series Breaking Bad (which I was watching at the time).

## Resources (welcome to use)

⚠️ Licensing disclaimer for resources: This work is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0 (GPLv3); you may copy, modify, and redistribute it for any purpose, including commercial use, provided that any derivative works are also licensed under GPLv3, the complete corresponding source code is made available, and all original copyright notices and license terms are preserved. The licensor asks be to referred to as **"Quororque of FaceplateVTT"** in this disclosure.

- Combat Tokens by FaceplateVTT  
https://github.com/Quororque/CombatTokensByFaceplateVTT  
Combat token overlays ready to be used, inspired by DoorKickers (2014) sprites and created with the help of ChatGPT. I would love to hire a real professional artist to remake this entire thing some time in the future, but for now, this is the most my budget could spare.

- Weapon SFX by FaceplateVTT  
https://github.com/Quororque/WeaponSFXByFaceplateVTT  
Collection of royalty free sound bits all over the internet to be used in any modern combat setting tabletop game imaginable.

- Bystander Tokens by FaceplateVTT   
https://github.com/Quororque/BystanderTokensByFaceplateVTT  
Collection of portraits used in FaceplateVTT games. Most generated by ChatGPT.

- FoundryToPDF by FaceplateVTT  
https://github.com/Quororque/FoundryToPDF  
Python script I use to convert FoundryVTT chat archive exports into PDF/docx format.
